-- Individual Reflection week 1 --

1. What do I want to learn or understand better?
Currently I would like to get a better understanding of how to use the git repo along with better understanding of  implementing a scrum of scrum method in the project group. I would also like to learn more about the project specifications and the expectations and demands of the product owner. 

2. How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
Since this week’s focus has been learning new tools I have no experience of, I’ve been i a situation where I have been taught by other group members. I’m lacking insight into the project’s scope, which this early on makes it difficult to tell which tools and skills we will need to execute the project. Specific technical skills or tools aside, I do have a lot of experience in working with various projects outside of university and have also taken a course in project management and business development. Hopefully I will be able to help someone or several in my team by sharing what I’ve learnt from previous group tasks and other experience within development projects.

3. What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?
My contribution will be to make sure that the team will continue having good and direct communication with each other and the teacher. I have no problem with addressing problems directly and making sure that the dialogue amongst the team members is kept on a friendly but straightforward level. My ambition is to contribute to a good working environment and remind my team members to continously reflect upon the process, methods and team work.

4. What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? 
Since it’s the first week and we haven’t had the project introduction yet, it’s difficult to define exactly what the team is supposed to deliver besides from the weekly reflections. My contribution this week is to make sure that everyone has finished their individual reflection and the team reflection.

My learning objectives until next week is to get a better understanding of the project and the expectations from the product owner. I want to be able to write down some overall points on what we are supposed to deliver as a finished product (and documentation) in the end of the course. I will achieve this by attending next weeks lectures and continue planning the process together with my team members in our meetings. 


-- Individual Reflection week 2, 29/3 --
1. What do I want to learn or understand better?
Since the last sprint I've reached a better understanding of how to update the git repo by using it more and reading online about how it works. After attending this week's lectures I've also gotten a better understanding of how to work with scrum. Also, the assignment has been presented which (even though it's not crystal clear) has helped me somewhat understand what is expected of our team during the course.

I would like to learn more abour our specific area in the project, which is "Pilot" in the chain of actors in the scenario handed to us. By understanding what they do, it's easier to develop user stories which "fit" the reality. I would also like to learn what tools are needed to develop an application for Android.

2. How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
By trying to understand the source code and the PortableCDM application which we are supposed do extend/improve I can hopefully help the team towards a better understanding of what we can create in the project.

3. What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?
My contribution is communicating clearly with the team, something which I believe I can do better than last week. Even though our communication was good, I felt that my contribution when deciding on how to upload the team reflection was not optimal. This can be prevented by making sure everyone is kept informed and up to date in our communication forum.

Furthermore I will keep attenting our meetings where we reflect upon what has been achieved and plan what is to be done in the future. 

4. What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? 
Last sprint's learning objectives was to reach a better understanding of the project scope. I think this has been partially achieved, but I've also understood that a part of the project process is to continiously keep learning new things about the project. Until next reflection I would like to reach an understanding of the source code, get a better picture of how a Pilot station works and keep the team's communication at a good level. By doing research online and read the specification once more I can hopefully achieve this goal and contribute towards the team's deliveries.
